hi guys so I was talking in my last
video about skin care and what I do
recently so I'm going to show you how my
nighttime routine which is a whole
ritual for me is looking like at the
moment first of all now I have full
makeup on I'm not using that much makeup
I put on some concealer and something on
my cheeks and maybe a bit on my nose as
well and then I sometimes put some
mascara on that's it of course the lips
then I start what my cats I wanted in
okay so first I'm washing my face with
this face wash it's th
dermologica professional great Skin Care
by the international thermal Institute
special cleansing gel by
Dermalogica and sometimes when my face
feels really dirty or I want to wash my
face more than two times a day morning
and evening then additionally I
use as mentioned in this other video
Santa ver a very gentle natural
cleansing
Emulsion and I love this it's mild it's
gentle it's based
on aloe vera gel as well and it doesn't
has perfume as I know the ingredients
are not here right now but it's super
gentle for the skin okay so I wash my
face now with lukew water
and
this I forgot to mention when I have
mascara
first taking off mascara
with simple miscellar water shouldn't be
very good for the skin that's why I just
use it on my
eyes so then I use one pump
my
phone now again washing off if cold a on
water one thing I learned about drying
my face is to top it instead of rubbing
it I used to rub it off as fast as hard
as I can and thought I will rub off all
my all my pimpers and all my irregular
irregularities and dead skin cells but
the fact is when you rubp off your face
with a towel first of all the towel must
be super fresh and second of all you rub
Off Your Skin Barrier you destroy your
Skin Barrier with all the scrubs and
rubbing when you do that every day twice
a day so I just tap
gently the
water with a clean towel very important
okay so for today one time cleansing is
more than enough and next step is for me
a avocado clay
mask I actually never tried this one but
it sounds good sounds like I need this
right now usually I like to use a mask
from Obagi saying I can show you I like
to use this mask
usually but I want to try something
different for today this is actually
very cute it comes with a small
applicator avocado mask let's
see that's obviously not something I do
on a daily basis but once or twice a
week I try to use some kind of
mask my cat
is L Luna oh I think I used it a bit too
thick
my night routine is actually
something so important for me at the
moment because it really makes me ready
for bed I'm away from the
phone makes me connect with myself I can
be just with myself and my thoughts and
I love that undisturbed in the bathroom
just me time
okay guys I'm am
oopsie it's fine I have to wash my hair
anyways I will leave this now for about
10 to 15 minutes and we'll observe how I
feel in the process because that's a new
mask so I don't know how I will react
but in the meanwhile I wanted to share
some thoughts because I'm living now in
another country than I was living before
and my home country is in Europe and
it's so different than where I am now
and when I talk to my friends and I hear
their dating experiences and I hear
their type of man they date and they go
for I'm shocked I'm like girl you don't
think you are deserving more than that
you don't think you don't think you
deserve to be treated better than that
so I'm shocked how she's settling for a
bare minimum and is happy when a guy is
texting her after the first date 3 days
after and he's texting her I'm like girl
um no comment to that honestly I
understand we are very different also
but for me this has to do so much with
self-respect and self-worth and you have
to put your standards so high otherwise
guys they're thinking differently
they're thinking if you're easy to get
if you're happy with the bare minimum if
you don't complain or if you're laughing
when he's making a joke or a mean
comment about you that's the bar you set
for him why he would go for more when he
can have you for Less obviously when you
go into a shop and the same product is
for5 or for €1 you go for the one that
is for 5 because it's simply the same
product
right and to be honest no I have to say
it right I don't think it's because of
the country I think yes it makes a big
difference cultural and the way we are
growing up we learn some things we see
and learn how dating is going on from
your parents or from friends and so on
but if you have something in you that
says your verth is much more than the
bare minimum you do not waste your time
to go to a coffee with someone with a
man who then asks you to pay half of the
bill when the bill is 12
years it's like when you already stand
your standards when you're younger or
you know your worth you would not go for
something like this my thought on it of
course I know my friends they see it
differently they are happy and
they they go for less and they
explaining themselves yeah but I'm a
student or yeah but he's a student or
yeah but I can't get more than that
honestly I think my opinion I think it's
messed up because you girl you are a
woman you can always get more than the
bare minimum you just need to set your
standards that's it and you say no to
everything that is not aligning with
your standards is not aligning with your
self
worth but hey everyone
living their own lives every everyone
living their own way of beings of
expression yeah I'm just curious how do
you see that because for me I never
attract a guy who would even think about
who would even think about splitting the
bill when he invites me to a date it's
like I know that sounds so superficial
but it's not it's not about superficial
or not if I'm dating a guy I'm the woman
right I'm as a woman bringing the
spiritual energy a guy feels good around
women because women do have something
that guys do not have so we provide our
feminine side and he is providing his
masculine side and part of his masculine
side is taking care of the basics right
and the basics our food our drinks
our flowers of course you set your
Basics but that's what I mean if you set
your Basics already that low then you
will find a guy who is providing the
basics that low if you're setting your
Basics that high you're going to find a
guy who is providing to come to your
Basics to fulfill your
Basics that's my thought on that and of
course I have also other friends in this
country where I'm living right now and
they are all in happy relationships they
are with guys who are literally obsessed
with them they will do everything and
anything because they are in their
masculine they are in their provider
mindsets they are in their energy they
are embodying the masculine and yeah I
would be curious how other people are
thinking about that topic I know it's
always controversial but I think it's
really important to set standards High
especially as a woman
of course men too
but woman I hope you all are realizing
you're way more worth than the bare
minimum anyways I'm going to wash this
off right now and we will go for the
next step so washed everything off and I
have
some irregularities here I'm going to
use straight turn in today but
first
tone Tona sensitive also from Santa
ver I love the
smell amazing need to let this dry for a
few seconds then I'm using a small small
amount of draine it's called actine here
and I'm really using
just this amount for the whole face and
then make like this in the areas where I
have irregularities I use a bit more
comparison to the rest of the
face good done and next step I use where
I have it probiotic drops also from
Santa Vera all these products from Santa
Vera are based
on aloe vera aloe vera Gil is the base
which makes it so gentle so mild for
this skin and especially if you are acne
prone this is a game
changer just don't know if you can find
it in every country but I'm sure there
are alternatives to this then I'm
using vitamin C Santa ver vitamin C q1
serum just one pump gently over the
whole face neck this also one of my
favorites the smell unbelievable and
then
last I am
using Santa ver the light cream almost
empty and I mix it with just one drop of
a aha peeling definitely not necessary
but sometimes I feel like adding some
touch to it and Baku heel drops from
Santa ver Baku heel drops is actually
they say
here um is it in English yeah
plant-based retinol alternative that has
an antioxidant and regenerating effect
so I mix this with the cream one two
drops and then I mix everything on my
hand and put that on my face okay great
I put the rest always on the top of my
hands it feels good it smells good and
and it keeps your hands young and then
comes the fun part of the whole process
I have here two cups it's like a from
cupping but for face cupping and I use
it mostly just one you can do both on
both sides and I
massage my face this helps to stimulate
the blood flow and tightening the
skin stimulates collagen
collagen
regeneration cannot think and do this
and it helps to
detox as I do it in the directions of
where the lymph nodes are looks crazy
but this is really a game changer guys
now I cannot show you one and the other
side unfortunately I forgot but
immediately after you always see the
effect of how the face is a bit more
tight bit more lifted and I do this once
oh once or twice a day and really oops
and really massage my whole face and
this I tell you guys it feels so good
it's you know when you go to the massage
and they massage your face that's
literally it because you don't do it
with your hands you don't really feel
you're massaging yourself just feels
amazing I could do this hours and also
it helps to absorb the cream and
everything I put on my face and now you
see it's not anymore really sucking good
so most of the cream is absorbed and
sometimes I also do it then on the
neck and then I go to my eye area there
I have eye cream from Santa Vera or more
I like this it's a bit more Rich from
Jansen Cosmetics Dark Circle eye cream
so I used
just mini amount and I top it this cream
is so rich I have this small they Small
Tube
since a year
maybe because you don't need a lot so
you can just use small small amount and
then second fun part the same with the
small face Cass and I just go gently the
phone keeps falling here on top of the
eyes stick it for a bit you have to be
super careful with the sticking is when
you keep it too long you will have like
a mark from the blood I really like to
go here all through my eyes even inside
okay and on
top you see and then I go on my
nose as well just on the sides and on my
lips and between here some more cream on
the lips
oopsy yeah with cream it goes so well
other people use oil but my skin does
not do well with any Cosmetics with oil
I will explain to you now so my skin
does not do well with any Cosmetics on
oil base whatever oil it is I have tried
Oliva I have tried everything it doesn't
do well with oil base I have also one
product of Santa ver which is only one
that is on oil base and immediate I get
the breakout once I use it
so I'm not taking any products with an
oil base but if you're fine with oil in
your face this capping with oil Works 10
times better I think we are mostly done
I use custard oil on my belly button and
on my eyebrow
as it promotes growth the only oil I use
in my face just small
amount on the eyebrows and Grand lash MD
yeah it's a lot of product actually for
the eyelash growth but also sometimes I
use the oil for the eyelashes okay then
the last thing I do
forgot is my LED mask I turn on both red
and blue as it's anti-inflammatory sorry
and
rejuvenating that was pretty much my
whole skin care I do this every night
and in the daytime in the morning as
well morning times I'm not always doing
the capping and I add sunscreen I use
this sunscreen for that's what I add in
the daytime routine that's pretty much
it but for sleeping I now started to use
this ch mask maybe youve heard about it
and you just put it on your face um this
way so it holds your chin and your face
together and it should be slimming but I
haven't used this long enough to be able
to tell you if that really works anyways
thank you so much for watching I see you
in my next video bye-bye